{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf2577
\cocoatextscaling0\cocoaplatform0{\fonttbl\f0\fnil\fcharset0 HelveticaNeue;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red34\green45\blue53;\red255\green255\blue255;}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;\cssrgb\c17647\c23137\c27059;\cssrgb\c100000\c100000\c100000;}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww11520\viewh8400\viewkind0
\deftab720
\pard\pardeftab720\sa240\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs32 \cf2 \cb3 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec2 Software Development Experience 1\
Prolog - Declarative and Logic Programming\
Download the following files.\'a0 SWE1.pro should b renamed to include your user name: <uname>.SWE1.pro\
In this file there are a collection of fact declarations that represent a database of familial relationships over 4 generations.\'a0 You are to use this as part of your project, though you may make minor changes as described in the file if needed.\'a0 At the bottom of the file are specifications of a number of declarations - you must write rules to implement these using the given database.\'a0 You will almost certainly want to implement some of your own rules as helpers to the specified rules.\'a0 Simply edit all of this in the bottom of the file.\'a0 Test your rules in SWI-Prolog.\'a0 When all work right, use the logging feature to record yourself running queries to demonstrate that everything works for turning in.\
The second file contains the same data in an easier to read format.\'a0 It is only for your convenience, it is not part of the assignment.\
\pard\pardeftab720\sa240\partightenfactor0
{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://clemson.instructure.com/courses/122429/files/9463565?wrap=1"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 \ul \ulc2 SDE1.pro}}\
\pard\pardeftab720\sa240\partightenfactor0
{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://clemson.instructure.com/courses/122429/files/9463573?wrap=1"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 \ul \ulc2 family.spec\cb1 \ulnone }}\'a0\'a0\'a0\'a0\
}